Yes, it hurts very much.
I'm holding on now
OK, you can make a cup now.
We can see results in 5 minutes
Grandma, don't believe him
It must be poison
He must have bad intentions
How can there be such a miraculous medicine?
Xiaodie, you went to soak
Nonsense, then I will believe you once.
If you cure my headache
Then even if you are really capable
I don't believe it yet
This little Chinese medicine can cure grandma's headache
What if you could cure it?
I will give you all the shares of the Wu family
You said it yourself.
What I'm saying is that if you can't cure it
If it can't be cured
I'm getting out right now
From now on, I will never step into the door of the Wu family again
We are ready.
Are you sure?
Don't worry.
Stop talking about me
What did you get grandma?